♪ And the home ♪
♪ Of the brave ♪
♪♪
SCOTT-HERON: The first
revolution is when
you change your mind
about how you look at things
and see that there might be
another way to look at it
that you have not been shown.
(crowd shouting)
SCAHILL: The brutality
against protesters,
the para-militarization
of law enforcement.
CARRIE: That's why
we have to keep trying.
KEANE: We don't need
a police state in this country
to fight terrorism.
We need a new strategy.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution
will not be televised.
GREENWALD:...the system
of indefinite detention...
SCAHILL: FBI and the CIA
targeting Muslim communities...
DeMARCO: Security. Got an
agitated non-compliant patient.
-Get away from me! Aah!
-What's his name again?
-Peter Quinn.
SCOTT-HERON: You will not be
able to stay home, brother.
You will not be able to
plug in, turn on, and cop out.
WOMAN:
It's a very alarming charge.
WOMAN #2: The Russians hacked
our committees.
WOMAN #3: The continuation
of endless war.
QUINN: Can't you get that
through your fucking skull?
SCOTT-HERON:
The revolution will put you
in the driver's seat.
SCAHILL:
The U.S. continues to engage
in a covert war
with very, very high stakes.
SAUL: I made promises
and didn't keep them.
PRIEST: This world began
right after 9/11.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
not be televised,
not be televised.
There will be no rerun,
brothers and sisters.
The revolution will be live.
CHAFFETZ: Which agency?
McCULLOUGH: I can't say that
here in an open hearing, sir.
QUINN: You saved me.
CARRIE: Yes.
QUINN: Why?
(horn honking)
(siren wails in distance)
(horns honking)
CHRISTOPHER: I was just starting
to worry about you.
Oh, the traffic
was impossible.
Finally had to get out
of the cab and walk.
My apologies.
Not at all.
Your guest is waiting for you.
Thank you, Christopher.
This way.
Through here,
just down the stairs.
I remember.
Hello, Elian.
(breathing shallowly)
This isn't even remotely funny,
Dar.
Not meant to be.
A little ironic, maybe.
Ironic?
Considering how many times
you've had me up to the Hill
to testify about enhanced
interrogation techniques.
What are you talking about?
Have you lost
your fucking mind?
I'm a United States Senator!
And I'll tell you now
as I told you then --
establishing trust,
getting to know your prisoner
is 10 times more effective
than torture.
But, since we know
each other already,
what choice do I have?
Hey, what are you doing?
Where are you going?
Come back here!
Actually, don't consider this
an interrogation at all.
It's a reprimand.
For what?
Keeping me in the dark --
you, McClendon,
the whole damn clown car
of you.
COTO: Dar, no. Don't.
You fuck!
You fucking fuck!
COTO: (shivers)
(breathing shallowly)
Aah!
Aah! Aah! Ohh! Ohh!
The van, the evidence --
everything gone
in the explosion.
-How many dead?
-CARRIE: They're still
searching
the blast site for bodies now.
And George Pallis?
He was in the garage
when the bomb went off.
Jesus.
Has the President-elect
been briefed?
Not yet. There was an incident
with her motorcade.
Yeah. Yeah, you said.
McClendon's meeting with
the Secret Service as we speak.
McClendon?
General McClendon.
They're reviewing
extra protection procedures.
I-I don't understand.
What does he have to do
with this?
A team of Deltas
is providing
an additional layer
of security.
Wait a minute.
Are those the reinforcements
you were talking about?
Yeah. Why?
(breathes heavily)
(dramatic music plays)
Listen. I'm gonna call you back
when I know more.
Do that.
That JSOC commander,
the one that staged operations
out of his house --
what was his name again?
Um, McClendon.
Jamie McClendon.
(breathes heavily)
We have to go.
We have to go right now.
Why?
I think I know where that
special ops team is headed.
Where?
I'll tell you in the car.
Come on.
Thank you.
Yeah.
The situation is fluid.
Reports are still coming in
from the field.
THOMS: Any idea what
the Solicitor General
was doing on the ground
at the time of the explosion?
Apparently an investigation
of some kind was under way.
When the bomb detonated?
Correct.
The residence was booby-trapped,
that much is clear.
Worst case,
it's an ISIS safe house.
For Chrissake,
keep your voice down.
Might even be
where they made the truck bomb
that went off
earlier this month.
General McClendon,
it's my sworn duty
to protect
the President-elect.
If you know something
you're not telling me--
I don't.
Because my information
tells me Elizabeth Keane
wasn't the target
of that attack.
Mine, too.
But what just went down
in Queens changes things.
How so?
We have to consider
the possibility
there's another bomb
out there.
What do you suggest we do --
move her out of Manhattan?
'Cause she'd never go for that.
Not again.
No?
No.
Plus, I don't want to face that
mob out there twice in one day.
Then I suggest we start
by clearing the street
and doing another sweep
of the hotel.
Agreed.
ALL: (chanting)
Not my President!
God,
I feel like a cigarette.
They were right,
you know -- Rob and Reiko.
About debating O'Keefe?
We were wrong.
You don't know that.
It's too soon to tell.
I'm not sure
that crowd down there
would agree with you.
What you did took balls.
People like
a President with balls.
(laughs)
Well, I guess it's better
than being called a bitch.
You've sat down with
a few Presidents, I imagine.
Three or four.
Any of them face
anything like
I'm facing right now?
Not like this.
Not before
they were sworn in.
Am I that scary?
Me? Elizabeth Keane?
Gold Star mom?
You are.
You're a bad dream.
A President
of the United States
who can't be controlled
from within.
Hmm.
What if I told you...
I'm not ready for this,
any of it?
I'd say, "Good."
You'd be crazy
to feel ready.
What if the American people
made a mistake?
They didn't.
Does it matter
if I'm not so sure?
Thank you, Christopher.
DAR:
The pasta was excellent.
CHRISTOPHER:
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
COTO: (shivering)
So...
Shall we, uh, end
all this unpleasantness?
Anything.
Just get me out of here.
Tell me what you know
about Peter Quinn.
(breathing shallowly)
Peter who?
DAR: Quinn.
Toxic Soldier.
(exhales sharply)
For God's sake, Dar.
Please.
I swear I don't know
what you're talking about.
I have no idea. I swear.
Easy now, Senator.
Don't squeeze your juice.
Let's take this one step
at a time.
ALL (chanting):
Not my President!
Holy shit.
Emmons mentioned a protest,
but nothing like this.
Doesn't look like
they're letting anybody through.
I'll be okay.
I know her Secret Service guys.
Hey,
text me when you're inside.
I will. How about you?
Where are you gonna be?
Gonna go around back,
look for that team of Deltas.
Be careful, Quinn.
You too, Carrie.
(all chanting)
Not my President!
(man shouting indistinctly)
(all shouting indistinctly)
(horn honks)
Something coming, huh?
What?
A lot of firepower.
Behind the barricade.
Not my President!
(all shouting indistinctly)
(dramatic music plays)
COTO: (whimpers)
DAR: Get him out of there.
Warm him up.
(cellphone dials, rings)
MCCLENDON: McClendon.
It's me.
Second. Take this.
Sure.
ALL: Not my President!
Not my President!
(door closes)
What's on your mind?
Well, I've just had
a very interesting conversation
with Elian Coto.
What about?
Former member
of our operations group --
Peter Quinn.
DAR:
Perhaps you remember him?
Sure. Pretty boy.
Hell of a warrior, though.
Rough what happened to him
in Berlin.
Apparently he's developed
a real hard-on
for the President-elect.
Has he?
Don't give me
that horseshit.
You know damn well
that's the story
you're pushing out there.
Is the Senator
there with you?
Put him on.
I'd like to speak to him.
Too late.
The orchestra's already played.
We're winning, God damn it.
Keane's on the ropes.
What the fuck do you think
you're doing?
I'm not doing one thing,
Dar.
Excuse me.
What did you say?
You heard me.
I'm not doing a thing.
Oh, is that right?
It fucking better be.
I'm not denying
it was discussed.
I'm just asking you
to consider your source.
(Coto shivers in distance)
You think I'd give that
oily fuck the time of day?
(dramatic music plays)
This isn't the time
for wild speculation.
You're making some
very serious charges.
I'm not speculating.
The house that just
blew up in Queens,
it's the same safe house
McClendon's black ops teams
have been staging out of
for years.
-How do you know that?
-Because my friend Peter Quinn
staged out of there himself
many times.
THOMS: Well, I was just
with the General,
and he didn't say
a word about it.
Of course not.
We're not supposed to know.
But I was in that garage,
Rob.
I saw Sekou Bah's van
with my own eyes.
Right.
I also saw a squad
leave there this morning,
and now, suddenly,
there's a brand-new team
under McClendon's command
charged with protecting
the President-elect?
(sighs)
Look, I-I know how this sounds,
believe me.
I hate even
saying the words.
What about you, Saul?
You've been awfully quiet.
Is she right?
(radio chatter)
Sir, can I have a word?
We've got multiple sources of
credible bombs
around the building
in an interior wall
right below the suite.
Go.
Yes, sir.
Multiple Intelligence sources
are reporting a credible threat
against this hotel.
What kind of a threat?
Bomb.
We're evacuating now
as a precaution.
-It's happening.
-Let's go.
Traffic Control, we need a route
lockdown for northern exodus.
All units confirm, please.
MAN #1:
Unit One in position.
MAN #2:
Unit Two in position.
Unit Three standing by.
MAN #3: Unit Four.
Give me two minutes.
-Right behind them.
-Give us a heads up
when you're entering
the stairwell.
MAN #5: Give us a heads up
for the bomb squad.
RICE: All right, folks.
On your toes.
She's about to hit
the garage.
What about
the rest of my staff?
They're coming down
the east stairwell, ma'am,
and evacuating
through the back entrance.
I can't leave without them.
Ma'am, my orders are
to put you in this vehicle.
Now get in.
(woman speaks indistinctly
over radio)
THOMS: Okay.
You and you in number one.
Mr. Emmons, you're in number two
with a decoy.
(cellphone ringing)
MAN: Everybody, let's go!
(cellphone rings)
Quinn?
Oh, shit.
I can't hear you.
Quinn?
Quinn, are you seeing this?
They're evacuating the hotel.
MAN:
Here we go. Here we go.
Quinn?
DAR: This isn't Quinn, Carrie.
Dar?
What do you mean they're
evacuating the hotel?
What's going on?
Fuck you, Dar!
Listen to me,
and listen very carefully.
The President-elect's life
is in danger.
Yeah, no shit. We're in the
middle of a bomb threat here.
Carrie,
under no circumstances
allow her motorcade
to leave the hotel.
Do you hear me?
Why not?
Because that hotel
has been vetted for months,
swept thoroughly
and repeatedly.
The bomb scare's a ruse
to get her out on the street.
Maybe you just want us
to shelter in place
so you can bring the whole
building down on our heads.
That's preposterous,
and you know it.
You messed with me,
you messed with my daughter.
You can go to fucking hell.
Carrie, listen.
Peter Quinn.
(engine starts)
Carrie? Come on.
We're on the move.
(breathes heavily)
You go ahead.
I'm gonna ride with Keane.
You sure?
What about Quinn?
DAR: Is he there, too --
with you now?
I bet he is.
Think about it.
Troubled vet,
fugitive from the law.
Who better to take the fall
for killing the next
President of the United States?
(dramatic music plays)
No, no, no, no!
Wait! Wait! Stop!
(tires screech)
THOMS:
Carrie, what are you doing?
Get in the car!
No, no, no. Wait, wait.
Carrie, what the hell?
I think we made a mis--
(crowd screaming)
(dramatic music plays)
(horns honking)
MCCLENDON: Go to black.
We're black.
Where is she?
Where's Keane?
She's fine.
She's in the vehicle.
Come on.
We have to get to cover.
(tires squealing)
(tires screech)
THOMS: Get up there. Find out
what the hell's happening.
Quickly, ma'am, this way.
(dramatic music plays)
Close a six-block perimeter.
Look for secondary.
MAN: Copy that, sir.
P2, Massey.
What's your position?
MASSEY:
Just east of Park on 49th.
Did you have eyes
on the event?
Yes, sir.
Was the P.E.
in the second vehicle?
-I believe so.
-You believe so?
I saw Mr. Emmons
in the passenger seat.
Protocol puts the P.E.
with her Chief of Staff.
What's happened
to the third vehicle?
I don't know.
There wasn't one.
-Make sure.
-Copy that.
(dramatic music plays)
This is P2.
We got a third vehicle
down here.
Any sign of
the President-elect?
Negative. It looks like
somebody left in a hurry.
Fuck. Find and secure her.
Do you copy?
MASSEY: Copy that.
Clear.
(dramatic music plays)
Sir, I thought you might
want to see this.
When was this taken?
30 seconds ago.
MAN OVER RADIO:
Ambulances inbound.
Lexington Avenue teams
should have a visual shortly.
We're at black. Apple is down.
Repeat, Apple is down.
Negative. Apple's with me.
All units report to the lobby.
No!
Now they know she's alive.
All right.
Get to the back of the house.
I'll stay here and see
what comes through that door.
Agent Thoms --
No. Go!
They could be here any minute.
Okay.
(dramatic music plays)
MASSEY: Where's
the President-elect?
Who are you?
Alpha Team.
Where's the President-elect?
Lower your weapons,
and put them on the floor.
Now!
Okay. Okay.
(whispering) Oh, fuck. Hurry.
Carrie?
(elevator bell dings)
Come on, come on.
(Sighs)
What the hell
are you doing?
Just hold on.
(cellphone beeps)
Damn it.
What?
Communications are down.
They're jamming all signals.
Who is?
The same people
that detonated that bomb
and just executed
Agent Thoms.
(shuddering)
Listen to me, Elizabeth.
We're in a kill zone now.
Do you understand?
They missed you once,
now they have to
finish the job...
which means
either we stay here
and pray they don't find us
or...
Let's get the fuck
out of here.
I can't sit here
doing nothing.
I'm so glad you said that.
(elevator bell dings)
-(gasps)
-QUINN: Carrie.
Quinn. Thank God.
Hurry. This way.
(elevator bell dings)
(dramatic music plays)
There's a small army
on the streets, snipers up,
and we don't know
who's friendly.
Get on top of her.
Quinn.
Do what I say.
(engine starts)
(tires squeal)
(engine revs)
(rapid gunfire)
Base.
Vehicle's coming your way.
All units,
target heading up the ramp.
You're cleared hot
to engage.
MASSEY: Say again, sir.
Engage?
He tried to kill
the President-elect.
Take him out.
(tires screech)
MAN: In position!
(dramatic music plays)
What's happening?
Stay down.
(dramatic music plays)
(tires squeal)
(rapid gunfire)
(grunts)
(gunfire continues)
MAN: Get back!
(breathing shallowly)
(dramatic music plays)
(engine revs)
(horn blares)
(dramatic music plays)
(both breathe shallowly)
(cries)
(exhales deeply)
(dramatic music plays)
KEANE: (breathing shallowly)
Okay, you can get up.
(breathing heavily)
Are you all right?
Oh -- Oh, my God.
(breathing heavily)
I thi-- think so.
(breathing heavily
continues)
(dramatic music plays)
Is -- Is he dead?
Yeah.
He saved our lives.
What was his name?
Peter Quinn.
(siren wails in distance)
(camera shutters clicking)
(indistinct conversations)
MAN: That's Keane!
(dramatic music plays)
(indistinct conversations)
MAN #1: Stand back, please.
Stand back.
MAN #2:
Stay back from the vehicle.
(siren chirps)
(sighs)
WOMAN: Okay, Brett,
you're on in three, two...
(belches)
Woman:...one.
Today, I don't even
feel worthy of being here.
(breathes deeply)
Today, my soul is in crisis.
I have failed you,
and I have failed myself.
34 days
since she became President.
since the first inauguration
in the history of our country
to ever have been held
behind closed doors.
Did she swear to protect
and defend the Constitution?
Did she even put her hand
on a Bible?!
Hell, if I know!
Hell, if anybody knows!
What we do know
is that everything
she said she would do was a lie.
Repeal the PATRIOT Act?
Well, she -- she's expanded it.
Restore the rule of law?
What rule of law?
Right now, there are
16 government officials,
including
a United States Senator,
sitting in a military jail
without so much
as an explanation.
Okay, she survived
an assassination attempt.
I get that.
So did Ronald Reagan.
Did he call out
Army Cavalry Units
to protect him?
Did he refuse to comply,
openly refuse to comply
with court orders?
To those who say
we are headed
for a Constitutional crisis,
I say this.
We are not headed for
a Constitutional crisis.
What we are headed for
is civil war!
(dramatic music plays)
CARRIE: Look.
I'm not a legal scholar.
I'm here as a liaison
to the intelligence community
in this
very difficult period.
But they've subpoenaed
the personnel files
of everybody
in my department.
Yes.
The investigation
has broad powers
under the amended provisions
of the PATRIOT Act.
That's a far cry from compiling
an enemies list, Rachel.
Is it?
(sighs)
Step into the President's shoes
for a minute.
Doesn't she have
a right to know
how deep and wide
this conspiracy went?
Don't the American people?
Listen, Carrie,
we all appreciate
your inviting us here
and taking our questions.
I just wish it were
the President herself.
Now she's refusing to do
more than
one briefing a week.
Fair point.
She's gonna have to start
trusting some of us again
for the good of the country.
I'll bring it up with her.
Yeah, it's...
It's a process.
I still don't know
what to tell my staff.
Half of them are
expecting to be fired
or arrested any minute.
Tell them they won't be.
Tell them to stop listening
to Brett O'Keefe.
Look, most of you know me.
We've all worked together.
I won't lie to you.
There are reforms
coming down the pike,
but no purges
or loyalty oaths
or one-way tickets
to the gulag.
You have
my personal assurance on that,
and the assurance of the
President of the United States.
Hey, slow down.
What's the rush?
I'm late for the President.
She can wait a few minutes.
Come on, Carrie.
Make some time
for an old friend.
(sighs) Happy to.
Uh, how about we meet up
after work at the Hay-Adams?
How about we do it now?
That way, you won't
cancel on me again.
I swear I'm not avoiding you,
Saul.
Okay.
But we haven't spoken
since Peter Quinn's memorial.
That hardly qualified
as a conversation.
I wasn't doing
too much talking that day.
I noticed.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Well, you knew him
better than anybody.
I guess I was expecting you
to get up and say a few words.
Well, maybe I didn't know him
as well as you think.
I wasn't judging you, Carrie.
Sure sounded like it.
(sighs)
The worst happened.
Quinn died.
You're still out there
going a million miles an hour.
You will hit a wall.
I'm fine.
Damn it.
I'm worried about you.
Well,
maybe I don't like the idea
of you worrying about me
anymore.
You can go right in.
Carrie.
Madam President.
David and I were just speaking
about you.
In glowing terms.
How'd it go?
Okay.
I think I calmed the herd.
Good.
Maybe now they'll stop leaking
to the fucking press.
CARRIE: Not many people
in that room voted for us,
I'll give you that,
but nobody in there
was responsible for those leaks.
How can you be sure?
(sighs)
Because I've known them
forever.
Because,
as corny as it sounds,
what they care about most
is their country,
and because they hate the press
more than you do.
KEANE:
See? What was I just saying?
She never tells you
what you want to hear.
Yeah. I'm getting that.
Trust me.
It's a good thing.
Give us a minute,
will you?
Carrie.
KEANE: Please.
(door opens, closes)
I will come
right to the point.
How would you feel
about making our arrangement
permanent?
How would I feel?
An official title --
Senior Advisor
to the President,
and an office
in the West Wing.
It would be the greatest honor
of my career.
I know
you had your concerns
about even
coming on temporarily.
I did, yeah.
Can we agree
to put those aside?
Well, as a matter of fact,
I'm on a train tonight
to meet with Franny's
case worker in the morning --
a home visit,
they call it.
Well,
that sounds encouraging.
I'd have to
consult with her first
before moving to Washington
full time.
Of course.
Before you go,
take a look at something
for me, will you?
Sure.
It's a Pentagon plan
to permanently base
a 5,000-strong combat brigade
and two Raptor squadrons
in the Baltic States.
Unfortunately,
it can't leave this room.
You're gonna
have to read it here.
I think I can manage that.
(door buzzes)
Thank you.
Well.
You look like shit.
(chuckles)
Apparently
there's some debate
as to whether
I'm allowed a razor.
Or visitors.
I've been trying to get in here
for weeks.
Mm.
You haven't missed much.
How are you?
Every day, the same
bloody questions over and over
as if I'm withholding names,
as if there were
hundreds of us.
Really, what can you do
with asses like that?
I wish you had given me a chance
to talk you out of it.
Why didn't you?
I knew your arguments already,
Saul.
I didn't need
to hear them again.
Believe me.
It was never my intention
for things to turn so dark.
Ultimately, I lost control
of what I set in motion.
You remember
what Graham Greene said,
don't you?
About what?
The secret services.
That they're
the only real measure
of a nation's
political health...
the one true expression
of its subconscious.
God help us all.
What I did was unforgivable,
Saul,
but I'm not sure
it was wrong.
There's something off
about her --
the President, I mean.
I know.
I've said it before.
There's something
dogmatic and dangerous,
something distinctly
un-American.
Anyway.
Another lesson learned...
in a long life
of lessons.
Tell me, is there anything
I can do for you?
Actually, yes.
There's a young teaching fellow
at G.W. --
in the Classics Department.
if you can believe
such a thing still exists.
I know he'd appreciate
some news of me.
Of course.
Here.
Give me his name
and number.
Accentuate the positive,
if you would, Saul.
I'll try to think
of something.
(pencil scratching)
(exhales deeply)
(compact closes)
(sighs)
(doorbell rings)
(slurring) Hello, Carrie.
Max.
We have to talk.
You're drunk.
Shit. Come in.
What they're doing,
it's a --
it's a fucking disgrace.
They're making him out to be
some kind of stupid
action hero?
Not now, okay? Uh--
We'll --
We'll talk about this later.
No, not later.
I can't.
Here.
Go -- Go downstairs.
And don't make a sound.
Do you hear me?
I mean it -- not a sound.
It's important.
Shh.
Yes -- Shh!
Now, go.
(sighs)
(doorbell rings)
Hi.
-Come in.
-Oh, Thanks.
Can I get you something --
coffee, tea?
Oh, no, thank you.
I'm fine.
Uh, so,
where do you want to start?
Well,
how about Franny's room?
-Upstairs.
-Okay.
That's quite a collection.
(chuckles)
Her favorite's
with her at --
at the other place --
Hop.
Hop?
Her rabbit. (chuckles)
Oh, right.
Cute.
And where's your room?
Right next door,
just through here.
LONAS: There's a place
for you to sign here
acknowledging that we
completed the home report.
Did I pass?
With flying colors.
(chuckles)
Um, and how soon can we ask
for another court date?
Right away.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Great.
Well, I guess that's it.
Here.
I'll show you out.
Thanks.
LONAS: Thanks.
Uh,
there is one more thing.
What's that?
(sighs)
I've been offered a job
back in Washington.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
It's just I want to make sure
leaving New York
doesn't affect my chances
of getting her back.
Well, I don't see
why it would.
We don't punish parents
for being employed.
What kind of job is it?
Oh, don't worry.
I'm not going back to the agency
or anything like that.
I'm not saying you shouldn't.
I'm just curious.
It's administrative --
mostly meetings
and phone calls.
I'll have plenty of time
for Franny.
I'm sure you will.
I'll let the judge know.
Awesome. (chuckles)
I'll be in touch.
(sighs)
Max?
(snoring lightly)
(sighs)
(floorboard creaks)
(snoring continues)
(snoring intensifies,
softens)
(dramatic music plays)
(exhales deeply)
(gasps softly)
(crying)
(dramatic music plays)
(sighs)
Aw, Carrie.
(Sighs)
(dramatic music plays)
(exhales deeply)
(cellphone ringing)
(cellphone beeps)
SAUL: Carrie.
Saul? I swear.
I was just about to call you.
Carrie, shut up and look.
You getting this?
MAN: Mr. Berenson?
What's going on?
Step out of the vehicle,
please.
Crocker and Crofts
were detained this morning.
They're making arrests
all over Washington.
Sir,
step out of the vehicle.
You got to talk to her, Carrie.
Stop this insanity.
Mr. Berenson,
you are under arrest.
Open the door and step out.
Saul?
Open the fucking door!
(dramatic music plays)
(police radio chatter)
WOMAN:
...from dozens of arrests made
in connection
with the assassination attempt
on the President
earlier this month.
What the fuck?
According to David Wellington,
the President's Chief of Staff,
those arrested include
officials
from all branches
of government,
including the Department
of Defense, State,
and the
Central Intelligence Agency.
Today, the President
is sending a clear message
to the American people,
that our Democracy
is strong and resilient
and that we will do
whatever it takes
to defend it.
Nobody in this country
is above the law.
Nobody.
So, Brian, it seems like
the government offices are...
RONALD:
Office of the President.
It's Carrie Mathison.
Hello, Ms. Mathison.
I need to speak
to the President.
She's in a meeting,
not to be disturbed.
(sighs) Then connect me
to David Wellington.
Same meeting.
Have him call me back
as soon as he gets out.
I will.
(click)
(sighs)
(dramatic music plays)
(indistinct TV chatter)
(indistinct conversations)
Okay, okay. So don't be upset.
Don't be upset?
I've been trying to reach you
all afternoon.
What the hell is going on?
Come on, Carrie.
This can't come
as a total surprise.
What are you talking about?
Well, you must have known
that something
was in the works --
Saul Berenson was dragged
out of his car this morning.
First of all,
that's an exaggeration.
He was detained.
I saw it happen, David.
You know the media
can't be trust--
We were FaceTiming.
Okay.
And, no, I wasn't aware
we were about to go
full-on Joe Stalin.
Listen,
everybody detained today
was connected
to the conspiracy.
Detained?
Why do you keep saying detained?
They were arrested,
and without legal authority
as far as I can tell.
Well, in point of fact,
we have two memoranda from the
Justice Department right here.
And how was Saul Berenson
connected?
He almost died
in the bombing.
There's evidence
of his complicity.
Where? What evidence?
The NSA's made
its meta-databases
available to us.
The NSA?
He had multiple contacts with
each of the core conspirators
in the weeks leading up to
and after --
Yeah. Of course he did --
in the context of his job.
Well, we'll see.
We're in the process
of evaluating
those conversations now.
David,
you sent me out there
to personally assure people
this would never happen.
You -- You used me.
Yes, we did,
and for good reason.
Yeah, to provide cover for
a political housecleaning.
This -- This has nothing
to do with the conspiracy.
This is payback,
pure and simple.
You're wrong.
I don't think so.
And I don't think
the President will, either.
(phone beeps)
MAN: Slow down, ma'am.
Where are you going?
To see the President.
Ronald, I need to see
the President.
She's not available.
CARRIE: It's urgent.
Ma'am, we've been ordered to
escort you out of the building.
Ordered? By who?
Mr. Wellington.
Does the President know?
Madam President?
Madam President,
I need to talk to you.
It's important.
Can you hear me?
(dramatic music plays)
(breathes heavily)
Innocent people are being
arrested in your name!
You have to stop it!
Please!
Do not let them do this!
You cannot let them do this!
Madam President, please!
You have to put a stop to this!
Please! Madam President!
Hey! I'm fine!
♪♪